# Vision Statement

The Bookworm will allow customers to discover and purchase new and bestselling books, as well as sell their previously owned books regardless of their location. Similar to shopping in a physical bookstore, customers will be able to browse from an extensive selection of books covering a wide range of topics. However, unlike most physical bookstores, The Bookworm will provide helpful suggestions from its exclusive ‘shop assistant’ book recommendation service as well as provide an outlet for customers to sell their gently used books.


The Bookworm is primarily designed for a wide range of customers such as students, lecturers, professionals and even regular book lovers. While customers will require an account to completely access the full extent of The Bookworms features, they will not require one to browse lists of the most popular books or to preview each book briefly. Like a physical store, the platform is open to all customers who need books. Everyone should find their desired books without any difficulty.

The Bookworm account holders will be able to order any number of books at once as well as receive suggestions based on these orders during future purchases. Customers will be able to leave their comments or reviews for any books they have purchased, so as to provide a valuable reference for future customers.

Customers will have the choice of wide range of payment options, with the one exception being physical currency, which excludes payment via coins, bills & cheques. The Bookworm additionally provides an alternate payment option involving prepaid credit which is tied to each customer's account. The use of prepaid credit makes the payment process nearly effortless as the customer won’t need to tediously enter payment information every time they wish to purchase a book, instead the customer can preload any amount to their account and use it as they choose, no more hassle when it comes time to pay for their books. The customers will also be able to send their prepaid credit to someone else as a gift.

A platform for trading second-hand books will be available. The service will be primarily targeted towards students who wish to quickly and easily sell their used textbooks, but the service is open to all customers who wish to sell their used books in a convenient manner. 

The Bookworm will keep customers connected whenever and wherever they are so they can easily access our bookstore. Importantly, The Bookworm will support multiple different languages so that customers from all over the world will be able to make use of The Bookworms many different services in the language of their choice.

Customers looking to purchase books using The Bookworm, they will be able to locate their books of choice based on the title, authors name or by book genre. The process of browsing books on The Bookworm will be faster and more efficient than browsing books in a physical store as customers will be able to easily locate a wide selection of books as well as have access to written reviews from other readers to inform their choices. The Bookworm will also offer a range of pricing options for select books, particularly those books with brand new and pre-owned copies available for purchase.

Although there are many physical bookstores in the world, the employees present in these stores may not be multilingual, and may not know what customers have read recently. However, The Bookworm will be available in multiple languages and will maintain a history of the customers purchases and previously read books, allowing for precise recommendation of new books. With the prevalence of digital platforms today, many people prefer to read book on those digital platforms. Consequently, Digital formats of books will also be available to The Bookworm customers for purchase and reading on a wide range of devices, from cellphones to home computers.

Since, The Bookworm will allow the customers to buy and sell books from anywhere, it will be great help for them in terms of saving time and money, especially in such a tight scheduled life. The Bookworm helps you save the entire time you are going to spend between your home and the bookstore. In addition students, who are the primarily targeted customers for this service, often prefer to sell their used textbooks after finishing their courses. They will be cost 20% less by using The Bookworm as second-hand trading platform. Hence, this project will be considered successful in such criteria.